pls keep you hands and pps inside the car at all times and sit back and enjoy the movie
accoring to the all of the laws of aviation that we are aware of, a bumblee shouldn't be able to aviate. its wings aren't large enough to aviate its thicc and chunky body from the ground. howver of course, the bee files anyways, as bees aren't able to understand human language and therefore cannot interpret what humans think is impossible
wait a second why is that kid putting meat in his computer
i gotta pee i'll be right back
ok im back
wow look dech subbode (dech suppode scammer for tech support)
d          u          c          c
ngl so far this is kinda based amirite????????
we're looking into the future, chuck
bruh my wife literally goes through like 10 old men a week like kinda cringe
h
i have a story about my granny pulling a gun on me
you can here about it when you're older
you're not a dish you're a man most name brand bars and body washes you rub on your skin are classified by the fda as synthetic detergent it's not even real soap stop marinating your man meat in unholy ingredients that are harmful to your well being body and sperm count
sry my brother took my phone haha so awkward
were were we ??
this photo make me think of my mother
. ..she was maybe breathing in too much water
thank you for keeping you hands and pps inside the car at all times now pls feel free to keep you hands and pps out of the car at all times